This section deals with the data set(s) used in the research. It provides a descrip-
tion of these and discusses the pre-processing of the data set(s) that was carried
out for the research. It should include the following.
Source Identify and describe the source of the data set(s).
Data Identify and describe the data set(s) themselves (features, records, etc.).
Pre-processing Identify and describe the pre-processing steps taken.



The program is designed in such a way that it initially takes an input n, and then generates a random   



For each input matrix, we run a loop over this matrix and each iteration selects a random subset of rows
then searches for the best size all one matrix over this search space, every iteration represents a state s, over a state Space S.


For each randomly selected state s, we run both algorithms for several iterations(i.e like 15 times) where s changes in every iteration and the size of the input matrix,
remains unchanged in each of these iterations. 

For each state s we have in a given iteration, we search for a complete sub-matrix while keeping track of the complete sub-matrix with the best-size
(i.e maximum size) and then record the total run-time taken to complete a search over this current iteration or the state s for both algorithms.
We then calculate the absolute value of the difference in the total run-time by both algorithms over the state s(i.e each iteration) and then
write the results to the csv file corresponding to the size of the current input matrix. The program generates a new csv file for each input matrix, to record
the total run-time taken to produce the best complete sub-matrix in a each randomly selected state s over the state space S in every iteration while the input-size of the matrix is unchanged for both algorithms,

moreover, the program generates a new random input matrix by adding an integer to the previously received input n then runs eaxctly as described above for this input matrix,
and a new csv file is generated to record the total average run-time taken to search for the best complete sub-matrix by both algorithms over the above mentioned iterations for each input matrix.








